Adjust phrasing to remove brew assumption (#2637)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: README.md

> To build the Carbon explorer yourself, follow these instructions:
> 

Reviewer: Since we're removing the dependencies from the instructions, maybe frontload the fact that they need to be set up?

```suggestion
To build the Carbon explorer yourself, you'll need to get some dependencies setup (Bazel, Clang, libc++), and then you can follow these instructions:

```

And then we can tweak the wording below...

$ bazel run //explorer -- ./explorer/testdata/print/format_only.carbon
```

> These instructions assume dependencies like bazel, llvm, and libc++ are
> installed; see our

Reviewer: Maybe tweaked a bit to match the above suggestion:

```suggestion
For complete instructions, including getting the dependencies setup, see our
```
